Updated and fixed READMEs ++ (#70)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template: dev/vagrant/README.md

# Vagrant 

> In this directory you can override and/or create new configuration for the Hashistack Vagrant box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this directory, you can override and/or create a new configuration for the Hashistack Vagrant box services (vault, consul, nomad).
```

> In this directory, you can override and/or create a new configuration for the Hashistack Vagrant box services (vault, consul, nomad).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this directory you can override and/or create configurations for the Hashistack Vagrant box services (vault, consul, nomad).
```

There are two layers of configuration built into the box - the [*inner layer*](#inner-layer--easy-) and [*outer layer*](#outer-layer--advanced-).

## Inner layer ( easy )
The inner layer is the procedure where you can override the hashistack configurations. 
See the the README in the [conf](conf) folder for more information.

## Outer layer ( advanced )

> The outer layer is where you can customize the startup procedure of the Hashistack with pre- and post start Ansible scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The outer layer is where you can customize `pre-` and `post` startup procedures of the services (vault, consul, nomad) using Ansible scripts.
```
